chore(release-checklist): Added info about product ID in _index.md for new specs (#3276)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: docs/release-checklists.md

1. Ask a PM to upload the spec to Konnect

> 1. Run the [Sync Konnect OAS data](https://github.com/Kong/developer.konghq.com/actions/workflows/sync-konnect-oas-data.yml) workflow and merge the generated PR. In this PR, create a new directory in `_api/konnect/` for the new spec with an `_index.md` file that contains the API product ID for the new spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the [Sync Konnect OAS data](https://github.com/Kong/developer.konghq.com/actions/workflows/sync-konnect-oas-data.yml) workflow.
1. In this PR, create a new directory in `app/_api/konnect/<product-name>` for the new spec with an `_index.md` file that contains the API product ID for the new spec.
1. Merge the PR.
```
Slight adjustment to the order of things.
